Color Palettes --


Social Justice Non-Profit Organization
    This color palette is for the webpage of a non-profit organization dedicated to advancing the use of solar power and solar-compatible technology nationwide. I chose saffron and sand as the dominant colors for the background, since they are light, easy to look at, and most commonly associated with the sun and therefore energy. I also chose shades of green, as it is analogous to yellow and also most commonly associated with nature; this is meant to evoke feelings of life and growth and to emphasize the importance of maintaining healthy green spaces. Finally, I included the color blue as an accent color - this is meant to induce feelings of the vastness of the sky and the sea, conjuring hope to maintain these natural environments through the effort to implement more solar technology.
    
    
Children's Cartoon
    This color palette is for a children's cartoon, in which two best friends - who happen to be poison dart frogs - are bestowed with the magic ability to heal rather than poison, so they go on adventures in the forest in order to cure wounded animals. The dominant colors are orange, blue, and black; these are used for the creation of the two main characters, since poison dart frogs are most commonly orange and black or blue and black. The saturation of these colors appeals to children, as they stand out more and help distinguish objects from one another while they are watching the show. The accent colors include green, to evoke feelings of growth and healing, as well as brown, which elicits feelings of Earth and the outdoors. 
    
    
Queens Food Truck - Ecuadorian Food
    This color palette is a preliminary design palette for a possible food truck looking to make a home in Queens. I chose yellow as the primary color, since yellow is a highly unconventional color for a vehicle, therefore allowing the food truck to attract attention from far away. I chose blue and red as accent colors to create a palatable (HA!) color pattern with all three primary colors. These colors also just so happen to make up the colors of the Ecuadorian flag, the cuisine of choice for this potential food truck. Those looking to have an authentic Hispanic meal will not be able to resist the allure of the colors of the confederation (a little Latin American history required to dissect this one). Additionally, green and brown are included for the outdoors effect; those who know Ecuador know of the massive landscapes boasted by the towns on the mountainside; these are sure to evoke feelings of freshness and farmland, and thus trust for the quality of food sought.
    
    
Local News Blog
    This color palette is for a local news blog reporting on happenings in Brooklyn. The primary color chosen is a royal blue, most commonly used to induce feelings of trust, loyalty, and intelligence - characteristics also used to describe many folks born and bred in the borough. Next, I chose a relatively neutral beige color for text. Beige is unique in that it captures the warmth of brown while still driving forth the crispness of white, making it an excellent color to present throughout the page. Lastly, I chose a flambuoyant shade of orange to spritz across the page in headlines looking to deliver urgent and breaking news, as orange is a dynamic color that usually conveys passion and draws attention to itself. 
    
Your Choice -- Tourism Poster for Vermont 
    This color palette makes up the poster colors advertising Vermont as the perfect place to cool down from summer and reign in the imminent breeze that comes with the fall season. I've selected pine and rust as my primary colors: pine to convey feelings of the forest and nature, and to emphasize one of Vermont's most commonly found trees; and rust, because it is the perfect blend of orange - symbolizing friendliness and excitement - and gold - symbolizing wealth and abundance, creating a unique color that brilliantly captures all the qualities that makes Vermont the perfect place to wind down for the fall season. The accent colors are berry and honey, further impeccable gifts of nature found in small towns throughout Vermont, as well as colors found all throughout the state with the change of the season - a perfect bow to wrap up the gift this state has to offer you and your loved ones. 
